Let's go to read X to the places actions which now receives a location object as well and keep in mind
that this is an object that looks like this.
So it has a lat and a long key here.
So in places actions in AD place will get this location object in here.
I of course want to store it in my database.
I want to store my redux store.
And as I mentioned I want to get this human readable address.
Right.
And for that we can use a number Google API.
If you search for a Google Maps geo coding API you'll find this link here.
And this is an API which allows you to translate addresses into coordinates or coordinates into addresses
coordinates into addresses is called a reverse look up so we can click on rewards geo coding down there.
And this tells us how that works and for Dad you need a Google Maps API key which I did set up earlier
in this module.
And now we can send the request in the end to this.
You are L here so we can just copy this entire you or L and send the issue to be requested.
Now this will not generate the image but give us back some J some data so we'll send that request with
the fetch API as you learn it in the HP module and I'll simply do that here inside of my app place.
Action handler and his inner function of course you could also outsource it in a separate file though
if you want to keep this file a bit leaner.
So there we can use the fetch API and send the request to you or L which I'll create here as a string
with back ticks so that injecting dynamic data is easier and there I want to copy this you are L here
and paste it in there OK.
That does not work.
So let me manually grab it then and now paste it in there and for the API key I of course want to use
it is environment variable which I set up earlier.
So import ends from the end file.
You might remember this is a file which holds the object which holds my API key.
Now I can replace this year Webster's API key thing here I can replace this with this dynamically injected
and stored.
Google API key value and of course latitude and longitude also needs to be set dynamically.
Make sure you don't delete a comma between these two.
But now here latitude can be found in my location which of course has a led key the way we set it up.
You can always see that down here at the bottom in the console and location as a LNG key too.
So we have these two piece of information.
This sends a get request there and that's OK.
Because we need to send a get request and of course we can therefore await their response.
And I want to store the response in a constant to use it.
Next we can check if this response is maybe not OK it should be OK but if it's not we could throw a
new error here.
Something went wrong.
And of course you can therefore also set up error handling in the same way as you learned it in the
HP module.
But here I do assume that this will work.
And now we can get the response data by a waiting response.
Jason which extracts the body of the response and converted to normal javascript and for a moment I'll
simply console log that response data so that we get an idea of what's in there.
And now let's simply give it a try.
Let's try adding a new place get the user location and click on safe place and we can do that even without
filling out the rest because we got no validation here.
I was so this works of course I get an error because of missing data but we also actually do get the
result of our HBP request and that's this super huge object there.
That's really a large object as you can tell.
Now in the end what's in there in this large object is this is the object here we have a results key
in there which is an array and there we have the different components of this address.
But if you scroll down a bit we see besides this array we also have is formatted address key so in our
result object here we don't just have that array but we also have formatted address and that's what
I'm looking for.
This is what I want I want is formatted address so we can extract that from our response data here.
So instead of logging it here I just check if we maybe don't have a response data results key if debt
somehow missing in that case I will also throw an error but if we make it past this check then I should
be able to retrieve it.
So here I can then derive my address by accessing response data results and then they're the first line
item.
That's where we actually then find you formatted address and you can simply inspect this object I just
showed you to get a deal for its complete structure.
Of course the official docs also document how this data looks like that you get back so now we have
two formatted address here and therefore I can retrieve it like this and now we get everything we need
when we know stored something in the database I can use my address which I just extracted instead of
dummy address and here for the latitude I can use location dot let for the long etude on.
Unsurprisingly I can use location of LNG and for dispatching data we can also add additional information
we can add the address and maybe a coords key which holds an object where we have left which is location
to let and LNG which is location dot LNG and now all that data is passed on with our action object and
therefore reaches our reducer.
So in the reducer we now need to make sure we use the new address and coords fields we get in the places
reducer we want to initialize our place here with that extra data.
And for that we first of all need to tweak to place model to expect that data.
So here I want to get my address and I want to get a latitude and longitude so we can all then store
all of that.
Store the address here.
Store the latitude and store the long etude with that the model is prepared and with the model prepared
to get this extra data back in the reducer we should at does when we add a place.
So here we then add as I address the action place state DOT address because that's what I just added
in the places actions here does address key and we can also get the coordinates.
So for the latitude here I pass action to place state DOT keywords.
Let and for the long etude I pass action not place state DOT code words dot LNG with that places our
initialize here.
Now when we load them from the database when we set our places we should therefore also initialize our
place model correctly and take the data which is in the database already.
So keep the address keep the latitude and keep the long at you.
So that's pretty straightforward and if for now we hopefully have all that data and use all that data
now to see where it works.
We need to work on the place item where outputting here on the starting page we can see it on Android.
So we also showed the address here maybe.
And we also need to work on the place details screen so let's work on that so that we can see all the
pieces come together.